Mary is a female.
Kate holds a a:female gender.
Susan has a gender of a female.
John is a male.
Mary lives in a village.
Kate lives in a town with John.
Susan is a resident of New-York-City. 
Taylor-Swift lives in Nashville.
Warren-Buffett stays in Omaha.
John is inhabited in Tennessee.
Mary rents a house from John.
Mary leases an apartment from John.
Kate charters a car.
A student rents a textbook from a library.
John rents a truck.
Mary buys a laptop.
Kate purchases a house.
Susan buys a phone.
George is a buyer of a store.
Kate makes a purchase of a company.
Mary buys a meal for John.
Mary purchases a motorcycle from John.
Mary buys a motorcycle for a daughter for 300 dollars from Bob.
Jane buys a house for John for a price of 300000 dollars from a friend.
Mary owns a car.
John is an owner of a farm.
Kate is an owner of a shop.
Susan has a house.
Mary possesses a painting.
John is a possessor of a factory.
Michael-Jordan is born in 1963 in Brooklyn.
Abraham-Lincoln is born in 1809 in Kentucky.
Mozart is born in 1756 in Austria.
Mary bakes a bread.
Kate makes a burger in a kitchen.
Susan makes a burger in a restaurant.
John fries a fish.
Tom roasts a duck.
Mary boils an egg.
John makes an omelet.
A cook makes an omelet.
A chef makes an burger.
John dresses in a suit.
Tom wears a jacket.
Jack puts-on a n:Tshirt.
Mary puts-on a skirt.
Susan wears a blouse.
Mary travels to New-York-City.
John makes a trip to China.
Kate makes a trip from Beijing to Shanghai.
Susan commutes to Sydney.
George makes a journey from Brazil to Chile.
Larry-Page founds Google.
Bill-Gates founds Microsoft.
Mark-Zuckerberg is a founder of Facebook.
Robin-Li is a founder of Baidu.
John founds a foundation.
Mary studies at Cambridge-University.
John receives a n:bachelor-degree from Cambridge-University.
Kate obtains a n:master-degree in a n:Biology from Harvard-University.
Susan enters Peking-University.
Tom graduates from MIT.
Bill-Gates is a donor to Stanford-University.
Bill-Gates endows Harvard-University with some money.
Billy-Joel makes a donation of a piano to Stony-Brook-University.
Steve-Jobs donates some money to a school.
Mary is a daughter of John.
Mary is married to John.
Mary and John are married.
Kate is at an age of 20.
Kate is 20.
Kate is under an age of 20.
Nobel-Prize-in-Physics is awarded to Albert-Enstein.
Albert-Enstein is granted Nobel-Prize-in-Physics by Swedish-Academy.
Albert-Enstein is given Nobel-Prize-in-Physics by Swedish-Academy.
Turing-Award is given to Donald-Knuth by Association-for-Computing-Machinery.
Emma-Stone is given a n:Oscar-Award by Academy-of-Motion-Picture-Arts-and-Sciences.
Mary gets a cold.
Kate is diagnosed with a cancer.
John suffers from a headache.
Susan is infected with a virus.
Kate is diagnosed with a n:diabetes.
Bill-Gates resigns as a chairman from Microsoft.
Jeff-Immelt retires from GE.
Steve-Ballmer steps-down as a CEO from Microsoft.
Mary is an n:italian.
John has a a:british nationality.
Susan is a n:New-Yorker.
Denise is a n:parisian.
Mary is a christian.
Steve is a n:buddhist.
Mary has a job of a nurse. 
Kate is a teacher.
John works at IBM.
Susan works as a singer.
Tom works in Berlin.
Mary works with John.
Mary teams-up with John on a project.
Mary is a partner of John.
Mary dies in Italy.
Kate dies in 1876.
John dies-of a cancer.
An orphan dies from some hunger.
A soldier uses a gun.
A laborer operates a machine.
A technician utilizes a tool.
Mary uses a phone.
Syria applies a chemical weapon.
A military's use of a nuclear weapon is against a law.
Jack builds a house.
A company of Hong-Kong constructs an airport.
A government constructs a nuclear plant.
John assembles a dresser.
A laborer makes a construction of a new road.
Squeaky-Fromme assassinates Gerald-Ford.
A gunman kills 50 children.
The army massacres some young women.
Rachel is a killer of a policeman.
A police arrests Jack for a murder.
Harry is arrested by a police for a n:shoplifting.
FBI apprehends an citizen for a n:treason.
Madoff is under an arrest by a police for a fraud.
EFCC arrests a governor on a charge of some corruption.
US launches a strike against Libya.
US-troops launches an assault on Benghazi.
A rebel ambushes a soldier.
A mysterious fighter attacks a guardsman.
A gang assaults a young girl.
Bill-Gates is a chairman of Gates-Foundation.
King-Hussein rules Jordan.
Xi-Jinping is a chief of Communist-Party-of-China.
Larry-Page leads Google.
Bill-de-Blasio is a governor of New-York-City.
General-Motors is a manufacturer of some vehicles.
Microsoft is a maker of some software.
Nike produces some shoes.
Pfizer is a producer of some drugs.
Foxconn manufactures some n:smartphones.
Puerto-Rico earns 1000000 dollars on a n:tourism.
Warren-Buffett makes 1000000 dollars on an investment.
Pfizer generates a revenue of 1000000 dollars on a healthcare.
John has a monthly income of 3000 dollars.
Amazon makes a revenue of 300000000 dollars on a n:Ecommerce.
Roger-Federer beats Rafael-Nadal in US-Open.
Donald-Trump defeats Hillary-Clinton in US-election.
Amazon beats Walmart in a n:online-shopping.
Brazil's defeat in World-Cup is unexpected.
A doctor alleviates Jack's pain with a painkiller.
A physician heals Jack with some antibiotics.
A doctor treats a soldier with a n:chinese-medicine.
A doctor cures Jack's n:stomachache with Aspirin.
A hostage returns to US.
Shinzo-Abe visits China.
George approaches to a hospital.
Donald-Trump comes to Texas after a hurricane.
An arrival of a a:British army in Normandy marks a victory of a war.
John exits Los-Angeles.
John leaves a park.
A military departs from Pearl-Harbor.
An opponent escapes from Zimbabwe.
Mary calls a police.
John phones a senator.
A company reaches a potential customer.
Mary contacts an employer.
John makes a call to his own girlfriend.
A student protests against a government.
A civilian demonstrates against Saddam-Hussein.
A union makes a demonstration against a management of a company.
Mary submits a form to IRS.
A voter hands-in a ballot.
A new employee files some paperwork.
A correspondent turns-in a report to CNN.
IBM files a patent to USPTO.
Kate-Winslet co-stars with Leonardo-DiCaprio in Titanic.
Kate co-stars with Leonardo in Titanic.
John-Mills acts as a soldier in Dunkirk.
John features a role of Hamlet in a new film.
Marlon-Brando plays Vito-Corleone in The-Godfather.
Zoe-Saldana appears in Avatar.
Johnny-Depp stars Captain-Jack-Sparrow in Pirates-of-the-Caribbean.
A police releases a protester.
Nelson-Mandela is released from a prison.
A prisoner is released from Iran.
FBI releases a criminal.
Eisenhower signs a treaty.
John accedes to a contract.
United-States signs Kyoto-protocol.
A monarch accedes to a bill.
UK accedes to a convention.
John publishes a paper in Nature.
John releases an article on a waltz.
Donald-Knuth publishes a new book with MIT-press.
Cambridge-Press releases a memoir of Winston-Churchill.
Angelina-Jolie releases a new film in Netflix.
Ernest-Hemingway publishes a new novel.
John loses 4000 dollars on a n:gambling.
A private investor loses some money.
A n:hedge-fund has a loss of 3000000 dollars on a n:trading.
An airline loses 3000000 dollars on an international service.
Mary loses a wallet.
A robber surrenders to a police.
Japan surrenders to Allies.
A protester gives-up to an authority.
Chapo-Guzman surrenders to a prison on a charge of a n:smuggle.
Mukhtar-Robow surrenders to a government.
Mary writes a description of a frame.
A senator drafts a letter.
A student composes an essay.
John types a manuscript.
Malala-Yousafzai authors an autobiography.
John snatches a watch from Mary.
A thief steals a painting from a museum.
John swipes some money from a passenger.
A gang shoplifts a jewel from a shop.
A spy embezzles some documents from an governor.
John kicks-off some slippers.
Mary peels-off a swimsuit.
John removes a raincoat.
Mary slips a blouse.
John takes-off a scarf.
Spain participates in World-Cup.
A student engages in a workshop.
A police is involved in a n:shooting.
A buyer is engaged in an auction.
A terrorist is involved in an explosion.
A planter grows some wheat.
Tom's grandfather raises some corns.
Mary grows some vegetables.
John grows some potatoes.
A chef grows some carrots.
Mary borrows a book from John.
China lends some money to Venezuela.
An army lends some equipment to an officer.
Oxford-University lends a violin to a a:Syrian refugee.
A seller borrows some shares from a company.
Red-Lobster is a a:seafood restaurant.
McDonalds is a a:burger restaurant.
Curry-Club is an a:indian restaurant.
Ippudo is a cheap and a:asian restaurant in New-York-City.
Panda-Express is a cheap and a:chinese restaurant.
China exports some coal to Japan.
US imports some oil from Saudi-Arabia.
Germany exports some automobiles to Korea.
Russia exports some fighters to Iran.
US imports some lambs from Australia.
Mary schedules a meeting.
John sets-up a dental appointment.
John arranges a trip to Japan.
Mary schedules an interview.
Some students arrange a forum.